# Question 2

## Part A (Difficulty Level: *)

In [q2a.py](../Original/q2a.py), implement a function called `get_multiples_of()`. The function takes in the following parameters:

- `num list` (type: `list`): This is a list of numbers. You can assume that each element in this list is a **positive integer**. It is possible for `num_list` to be empty.

- `n` (type: `int`): This is a number. You can assume that this is always a valid positive integer.

The function returns the number of numbers in `num_list` that are multiples of `n`. If there is no number in `num_list` that is a multiple of `n`, the function returns `O`.

For example, `get_multiples_of([14,11,30,28,50], 7)` returns `2`, because among the list of numbers in `num_list`, only 14 and 28 are multiples of 7.

Some other examples are shown below:

- `get_multiples_of((300,13,10, 555,291, 5)` returns `3` because the numbers 300, 10 and 55 are multiples of 5.

- `get_multiples_of([27,83,10,3,8], 11)` returns `0` because there is no number in the list that is a multiple of 11.

- `get_multiples_of([23333], 109)` returns `0` because there is no number in the list that is  divisible 109.

- `get_multiples_of([], 2)` returns `0`.

Use [q2a_test.py](../Original/q2a_test.py) to test your code. You do not need to modify q2a_test.py. We will only grade your [q2a.py](../Original/q2a.py).

## Part B (Difficulty Level: **)

In [q2b.py](../Original/q2b.py), implement a function called `multiply_digits()`. The function takes in the following parameter:

- `str_list` (type: `list`): This is a list of strings. Each string in `str_list` contains sequences of digits and
sequences of non-digit characters that are separated by the hex '#', e.g., '1#a#33#b$b'. It is possible for `str_list` to be empty.

The function should multiply all the characters that are digits in the given list.

You can assume that each string in str_list is always properly formatted as described above and always contains **at least two positive integers**.

You can also assume that all digits are positive integers, and they do not mix with other non-digit characters that are within the same hex # separator. For example, it is possible to have '1#a#33#b$b', but it is not possible to have 'ly#alee' (because 1 and y are mixed together in the same hex '#' separator).

You may consider using the string method `s.isdigit()` to check if a particular string `s` consists of only digits, or not. For instance, `'abc'.isdigit()` will return False while `'123'.isdigit()` will return `True`.

E.g.,

- `multiply_digits(['ice#10#tea', '20#12#bubble'])` returns 400 (because 10 x 20 x 2 = 400)

- `multiply_digits(['a#2#c', 'dd#ee#11`]) returns 22 (because 2 x 11 = 22)

- `multiply_digits(['15#1', 'a'])` returns 15 (because 15 x1=15).

- `multiply_digits([])` returns `0`.

Use [q2b_test.py](../Original/q2b_test.py) to test your code. You do not need to modify q2b_test.py. We will only grade your [q2b.py](../Original/q2b.py).
