# Question 4 (Difficulty Level: ***)

A group of 3n students are taking a course together, and they will be split into 3 groups of equal sizes (Le., the 3 groups has n students each), There are, however, some constraints for the grouping. The constraints fall into two types:

- The first type of constraints specifies two students who must be in the same group. E.g., ("Tigger", "Eeyore") indicates that Tigger MUST be in the same group as Eeyore.
- The second type of constraints specifies two students who cannot be in the same group. E.g., ("Wendy", "Peter Pan") Indicates that Wendy CANNOT be in the same group as Peter Pan.

## Part A

Implement a function called check _grouping() inside [q4a.py](../Original/q4a.py). This function takes in the following 3 parameters:

- `grouping_list` (type: `list`): This is list of 3 lists representing the groups of n students each (i.e., the lists in grouping list contain n elements each). For example, `[[ Snow White", 'Dopey', "Grumpy'], ['Bashful', 'Sneezy','Sleepy'], ['Happy', 'Doc', 'Queen']]` corresponds to the following grouping:

  | Group 1        | Group 2         | Group 3           |
  |----------------|-----------------|-------------------|
  |Snow White <br> Dopey <br> Grumpy| Bashful <br> Sneezy <br> Sleepy| Happy <br> Doc <br> Queen |

- `must_list` (type: `list`): A list of tuples, where each tuple has two strings representing the names of two  students who MUST be in the same group. The list might be empty. You can assume that each name appearing here is a name that has appeared in the list `grouping_list`.

- `cannot_list` (type: `list)`: A list of tuples, where each tuple has two strings representing the names of two students who CANNOT sit next to each other. The list might be empty. You can assume that each name appearing here is a name that has appeared in the list `grouping_list`.

The function returns `True` if the given list `grouping_list` satisfies both types of constraints specified by `must_list` and `cannot_list`. Otherwise, the function returns `False`.

Here are some examples:

- `check_grouping([['Snow White', 'Dopey' , 'Grumpy"], ['Bashful 'Sneezy', 'Sleepy'], ['Happy', 'Doc', Queen']], [('Sneezy', 'Sleepy'), ('Dopey' 'Grumpy')], [('Queen', 'Snow White')])` returns `True` because all constraints are satisfied (i.e., Sneezy and Sleepy are in the same group, Dopey and Grumpy are in the same group, and Queen and Snow White are not in the same group.

- `check_grouping([['Snow White', 'Queen', 'Grumpy'], ['Bashful', 'Sneezy', 'Sleepy'], ['Happy', 'Doc', 'Dopey']], [('Sneezy', 'Sleepy'), ('Dopey', 'Grumpy')], [('Queen', 'Snow White')])` returns `False` because the constraint that Queen cannot be in the same group as Snow White is not satisfied.

- `check_grouping([['Snow White', 'Dopey', 'Grumpy'], ['Bashful', 'Sneezy', 'Happy'], ['Sleepy', 'Doc', 'Queen']], [('sneezy', 'Sleepy"), ('Dopey', 'Grumpy')], [('Queen', 'Snow White')])` returns `False` because the constraint that Sneezy and Sleepy must be in the same group is not satisfied.

Use [q4a_test.py](../Original/q4a_test.py) to test your code. You do not need tc modify q4a_test.py. We will only grade your [q4a.py](../Original/q4a.py).

## Part B

Impement a function called `get_grouping()` inside [q4b.py](../Original/q4b.p) that takses in the following 3 parameters:

- `student_list` (type: `list`): A list of 3n strings representing the names of all the students.

- `must_list` (type: `list`): A list of tuples, where each tuple has two strings representing the names two students who MUST be in the same group. The list might be empty.

- `cannot_list` (type: `list`): A list of tuples, where each tuple has two strings representing the names of two students who CANNOT be in the same group, the ist might be empty.

The function should return a grouping arrangement that satisfies all the constraints. (If there are more than one such possible grouping arrangement, the function needs to return only one of them.) If no such grouping arrangement exists, the function returns `None`.

You can assume that the length of `student_list` is always a multiple of 3, and the length is not 0.

You also assume that each name appearing in `must_list` (or `cannot_list`) appears in student list.

E.g.,

- `get_grouping(['Snow White','Dopey', 'Grumpy', 'Sneezy', 'Sleepy', 'Queen'], [('Sneezy', 'Sleepy')], [('Snow White', 'Queen')])` could return `[('Snow White', 'Dopey'), ('Grumpy', 'Queen'), ('Sneezy', 'Sleepy')]`. It could also return `[('Dopey, 'Queen'), ('Sneezy', 'Sleepy'), ('Snow White', 'Grumpy')]` or `[('Sleepy', 'Sneezy"), ('Queen', 'Grumpy"), ('Snow White', 'Dopey')]`...

- `get_grouping(['Snow White','Dopey, 'Grumpy', 'Sneezy', 'Queen'], [('Sneezy', 'Sleepy'), ('Dopey', 'Grumpy')], [('Snow White', 'Queen')])` returns `None` because there is no grouping arrangement that satisfies all constraints.

Important Note:

You should try to import and use the `check_grouping()` function implemented in [q4a.py](../Original/q4a.py) for Part (b) of Q4. If your `check_grouping()` function is not implemented correctly but your [q4b.py](../Original/q4b.py) works correctly with a correct `check_grouping()` function, you can still get marks for Part (b).

You can use the `permutations()` function from the library `itertools` to help you generate all permutations of a list. Try the code below and observe the output to understand the behavior of the function `itertools.permutations()`. Note that we use `list()` to convert the returned value of `itertools.permutations()` into a list. We also use `list()` to convert each permutations into list.

```python
import itertools

a_list = ['A', 'B', 'C']
my_permutations = itertools.permutations(a_list)
for perm in my _permutations:
  print(list(perm))
```

Use [q4b_test.py](../Original/q4b_test.py) to test your code You do not need to modify q4b_test.py. We will only grade your [q4b.py](../Original/q4b.py).
