# Question 5 (Difficulty Level: ***)

A function called `transform()` takes in two strings called `str1` and `str2` as its two parameters. The function tries to transform `str1` into `str2` by swapping two *adjacent* characters (i.e., two characters next to each other) every time. The function returns a list of strings that represents a sequence of transformations that can turn `str1` into `str2`.

You can assume that `str1` can always be turned into `str2` after a sequence of swaps of adjacent characters, i.e., `str1` and `str2` contain the same set of characters. You can also assume that `str1` does not contain any duplicate characters.

Eg., `transform('ABC', 'CBA')` may return `['ABC', 'ACB', 'CAB', 'CBA']` as a sequence of transformations. We can see that in the returned list, each string differs from the previous string with only two adjacent characters swapped, as illustrated below:

A**BC** (swapping B and C) -> **AC**B (swapping A and C) > C**AB** (swapping A and B) -> CBA

`transform('ABC', CBA')` may also return `['ABC', 'BAC', 'BCA', 'CBA']`, which is also a valid sequence of transformations. The function can return any valid sequence of transformations.

Another example: `transform('ABCDE', 'DBECA')` may return `['ABCDE', 'ABDCE', 'ADBCE', 'DABCE', 'DBACE', 'DBAEC', 'DBEAC', 'DBECA']`.

Implement this function `transform(str1, str2)` in [q5.py](../Original/q5.py).

Important Note: You are not allowed to use `while()` loop for this question. You are not allowed to use the `random` module for this question. Basically, you are not allowed to randomly generate swaps to try to solve the problem.

Use [q5_test.py](../Original/q5_test.py) to test your code. You do not need to modify q5_test.py. We will only grade your [q5.py](../Original/q5.py).
